this is strictly in 60 seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just one minute week six 11 couples left
and no one is safe with the American
Smooth or the sambar proved to be
someone's downfall Ally easily glided
through with her first 10 and highest
score of the series Chris and Euler's
mojo is back on form you did
whilst Ricki Grove razzle-dazzle there
Phil had a bad innings can't keep
relying on your body butters and Craig
had the judges in despair I'm beyond it
because I tell you in spite of many
attempts you still cannot deliver but
high-scoring Jake Johnson proof points
don't make prizes she ended up in the
dance-off for Joe woods
the Kawai now if you don't want to know
who left
it was Joe woods who danced her last
dance and I think could happen next week
make sure you don't miss it